Add a note about explicit type instantiation and metatables (#138)
luau-lang/rfcs: docs/explicit-type-parameter-instantiation.md

When this new syntax is used on a value that is not a function, or does not take those types, a static-time error will be given. This syntax has zero runtime effect.

### Interop with metatables

> In the case of an explicit instantiation fragment `f<<T>>` where `f` has a metatable, there are three problems, namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three problems that arise when attempting to instantiate a table with a metatable attached, namely:

```
